Claire : Kids, breakfast! Kids? Phil, would you get them?
Claire : Kids!
Claire : Okay...
Claire : Alright, That's not gonna happen, and, wow, you're not
Claire : Honey, do you have anything to say to your daughter...
Claire : No, it's way to short, people know you're a girl, you don't
Claire : It's on our bedside tip... I Don't know, find it. Come on!
Claire : I... was out of control growing up, there, you know, i said
Claire : Right... I've done our job.
Claire : Who?
Claire : Him... Him?
Claire : Luke, Alex, why don't you take it outside, okay?
Claire : Haley! Who's the boy?
Claire : Honey! Hang on a second, you're fifteen, it's the first time
Claire : What happened?
Claire : Are you okay?
Claire : Language!
Claire : What did I tell you what happened if you got him a gun?
Claire : That's it? No, no, no, the agreement was that, if he shoots
Claire : Yes, we were and now you have to follow through.
Claire : Liar. Go!
Claire : You can shoot him afterwards, he'll be home at two.
Claire : No, he's at a soccer game at three, and then... Oh, we gotta
Claire : "Shoot Luke"
Claire : Hi! Hey, you must be Dylan.
Claire : : I'm Haley's mother.
Claire : Hang on one second. Dylan... You're still in High School?
Claire : Phil, sweetie, honey. He is Dylan and he is a Senior.
Claire : Sweetheart.
Claire : I don't know about this, shall I call a doctor?
Claire : Alex, leave your sister alone!
Claire : I know sweetie, but you need to respect her privacy. What
Claire : Okay... Okay... I'm making a cake for tonight, you wanna
Claire : What?
Claire : Haley is not getting pregnant!
Claire : I know, and I know you like to make trouble for your
Claire : Hey, I was just dropping off some laundry, This is a bad
Claire : Oh, okay.
Claire : Actually we're just gonna go ahead and leave that open.
Claire : Because I have seen this little show before : Lying on the
Claire : Oh Don't thank us open it, dad is coming right behind.
Claire : Gloria, hi! How are you?
Claire : Phil! She said Phil, not feel!
Claire : Dad!
Claire : Don't mind her, Haley had her first boy over today, and
Claire : I, I think what dad is trying to say is that, Mitchell you're a
Claire : She want's her daddy.
